chore: update opentelemetry testing docs (#2406)
Logflare/logflare: docs/docs.logflare.com/docs/integrations/open-telemetry/index.mdx

  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

### Testing locally

Run Logflare on single tenant mode:

```
docker compose -f docker-compose.yml -f docker-compose.supabase.yml up
```

> Create a new source to populate the `x-source` header. Use `"my-other-cool-api-key-123"` for `"x-api-key"` and update `otlp_endpoint` to be `"http://localhost:50051"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a new source to populate the `x-source` header with the source UUID. 
2. Use the api-key found in the `docker-compose.single_tenant.yml` and set it to `x-api-key` header
3. Set the otlp endpoint to `http://localhost:50051`
4. Start your OpenTelemetry instrumented app. 
```
